look out there out there is the perfect
lap you see it I think so
most people called Carroll Shelby
maybe Lee Iacocca Ford Motor suppose
henry ford ii wanted to build the
greatest race car the world's ever seen
to win the 24 Hours of LeMans what's it
take I'll take something money can't buy
when he can buy speed what in about
speed you need a pure racer behind the
wheel your car ask in miles I don't
trust him an inch we heard he's
difficult
no no Ken's a puppy dog
now whatever it is she'll now trust me
you're gonna build a car to beat Ferrari
with a correct
and how long did you tell us that you
needed to three hundred years it's 90
days
this isn't the first time Lord motors
gone to war we know how to do more than
push paper go ahead girl go to war thank
you sir
do you think you can beat Ferrari
lighter faster
that don't work were nastier
we're gonna make history
you ready I was born ready mr. Shelby
hit
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]